Change wording in Load Balanced configuration to quantify support for Provisioning (#236)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Configuring_Load_Balancer/topics/Overview.adoc

* Content Management with `yum` repositories
* Optional: Puppet

> NOTE: The Load Balanced setup offers high availability for accessing yum or Puppet content. Other services running on the individual {SmartProxyServer}s such as provisioning, virt-who etc should not be accessed through the Load Balancer but can be accessed directly from the {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In the load-balanced setup, a load balancer distributes load only for the services and features mentioned above. You must access other services running on the individual {SmartProxies}, such as provisioning and virt-who, directly through {SmartProxies} and not through the load balancer.
```
Hi @ckyriakidou, thank you for your clarification on the topic. I have changed your writing a bit to add clarity. Let me know what you think.

Author: @spetrosi  How about "In the load-balanced setup, a load balancer distributes load only for the services and features mentioned above. If other services such as provisioning, or virt-who are running on the individual {SmartProxies}, you must access them directly through {SmartProxies} and not through the load balancer." So that it shows it's not obligatory to have other services on the LB capsule.

Reviewer: Sounds perfect!

> NOTE: In the load-balanced setup, a load balancer distributes load only for the services and features mentioned above. If other services such as provisioning, or virt-who are running on the individual {SmartProxies}, you must access them directly through {SmartProxies} and not through the load balancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In the load-balanced setup, a load balancer distributes load only for the services and features mentioned above. If other services, such as provisioning or virt-who, are running on the individual {SmartProxies}, you must access them directly through {SmartProxies} and not through the load balancer.
```
Sorry did not notice those commas previously
